[Music]
this is not a sponsored video I just
want to put y'all on cause I'm I'm that
type of person like I just like when I
find something that's popping or like
that's you know cute or whatever I
decide to put me wrong so I'm about to
put y'all okay okay
so this hair this is a week from Cisco
eggs this is a synthetic last week so I
ordered this week like two weeks ago
from sista week with my own money like I
said this video is not sponsored so I
worked this with my own money and I just
wanted to try something I see you like a
couple of reviews or whatever and like
I've seen people like posting about
sister wings whatever so let me go check
it out I kind of am a gimme
and it's hot so I mean there Bob
something still cool as Wicca put it on
and go so I just ordered this week and I
was just like ordering and ordering the
up the strength of the YouTube reviews
that I watched and it was only like it
was on sale for $44 it's some change and
I worked the way it came in three days
which I was cleaning sweet cuz like I
hate waiting but that's the wondering
since why I ordering up line because I
do not like to wait long stuff but it
came in three days so I worthy that
Wednesday it came that Saturday this
week is so t like when I post it like a
video or snapchat of me in this week it
was hi yes who did yeah and I was like
oh my god it's a wig it makes a nominee
to eat synthetic and they like not human
synthetic I know this week and I'm be
ordering me a birthday wait for them cuz
my birthday are not talking so like I
was never the type to wear weeds and
two things I was never the type where we
explain about me when we submit so yes
the middle part on about or whatever and
it came with a soft lace closure which
also fast about that you know most
synthetic weeks they got like dumb heart
type I don't know if y'all understand
like a plastic feeling lace closure but
no this one came with a soft lace
closure I don't do nothing to this week
when I tell you I just put it on I got
two combs in the front one in the back I
just put it on i braid my hair down like
six braids I put the two cones in one
come in the bag and I go all I had to do
when I got this sweet was um trimmed a
little extra lace that was like you know
that comes with it and look at this part
when I tell you this part is see me the
only things that I don't that I didn't
notice and that I kind of don't like is
I'm not sure if it's picking up on
camera but it like you see the texture
like you can see that it's like same
thing but when I tell you nobody nobody
because like I don't know I guess people
just can't really see it I could see it
cuz I know hairs I had it for two weeks
I didn't notice a little bit of shedding
and I noticed that like when I kind of
comb fluid now it's a little bit stiffer
I don't know if y'all can see like my
hands still running through it perfectly
fine but it's like at the very ends it's
like a little bit of you know you know
high heat after you had hair for a while
but I just doing something wearing it
every day and to me to spell they're not
fine like it's flowy
it's cute it's simple it's easy if y'all
know how to do Hank it is sweet I'm
telling that cuz you ain't have to do
nothing to it all you do is put it on
and come Jane I see but I'll link it
below to give y'all like the directly
play like I said I pay
for this with my own money is not
sponsored so I'm giving y'all two real
like I'm not gonna lie to you while I
live a lot of videos be structured and
people be like oh yeah the Heritage the
other hair said but it's lobster great
got that for free so of course you're
gonna tell them yeah is dissing ate all
good stuff I'm pretty sure y'all seen
other reviews on it since I seen a few
of them before I even purchased a week
that's why I purchased it and I kind of
trusted it a little bit because it was
so many good reviews on it but when I
say y'all gonna have to cut this week I
did not have to do anything I put a tiny
bit of concealer on the parts when I
first got it but that was two weeks ago
and I haven't put anything on its it and
that's it so like I said I'll link it
below thank you watching be sure to LIKE
comment and subscribe
[Music]